com/example/glbd22021/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.glbd22021.BuildConfig
com/example/glbd22021/activites/ConnexionActivity.java
 com.example.glbd22021.activites.ConnexionActivity
utils/PreferenceManager.java
 utils.PreferenceManager
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/glbd22021/activites/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.glbd22021.activites.ChatActivity
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ContaineurUtilisateurBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ContaineurUtilisateurBinding
com/example/glbd22021/activites/UtilisateurActivity.java
 com.example.glbd22021.activites.UtilisateurActivity
com/example/glbd22021/activites/MainActivity.java
 com.example.glbd22021.activites.MainActivity
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ActivityConnexionBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ActivityConnexionBinding
utils/Constante.java
 utils.Constante
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ItemContainerReceivedMessageBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ItemContainerReceivedMessageBinding
com/example/glbd22021/activites/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.glbd22021.activites.RegisterActivity
com/example/glbd22021/firebase/MessageService.java
 com.example.glbd22021.firebase.MessageService
com/example/glbd22021/adapteur/AdaptateurUtilisateurs.java
 com.example.glbd22021.adapteur.AdaptateurUtilisateurs
 com.example.glbd22021.adapteur.AdaptateurUtilisateurs$VueUtilisateur
com/example/glbd22021/listeners/UtilisateurListener.java
 com.example.glbd22021.listeners.UtilisateurListener
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ActivityUtilisateurBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ActivityUtilisateurBinding
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/glbd22021/modeles/Utilisateur.java
 com.example.glbd22021.modeles.Utilisateur
com/example/glbd22021/modeles/ChatMessage.java
 com.example.glbd22021.modeles.ChatMessage
com/example/glbd22021/databinding/ItemContainerSentMessageBinding.java
 com.example.glbd22021.databinding.ItemContainerSentMessageBinding
com/example/glbd22021/adapteur/AdaptateurChat.java
 com.example.glbd22021.adapteur.AdaptateurChat
 com.example.glbd22021.adapteur.AdaptateurChat$ReceivedMessageViewHolder
 com.example.glbd22021.adapteur.AdaptateurChat$SentMessageViewHolder
